Hey!
Stuart Phelps here from Keffer Hyundai.
Just coming to you right now to give you a
quick walk through, demo if you will, of the
2013 Hyundai Genesis 5.0 RSpec.
Hope you enjoy it!
Thanks!
Movie Voice: Hang on to your seats.
The 2013 RSpec with it's unique sport design
19-inch alloy wheel with premium machined
finish rolling on 235/45R19 tires.
The 2013 Genesis RSpec comes standard with
LED tail lights for greater visibility.
LED Side Mirror turn indicators.
As well as keyless entry allowing for your
keys to stay in your pocket and you still
get into the car.
The 2013 Hyundai Genesis RSpec.
Under the hood of the Genesis RSpec lies the
429 hp 5.0 liter Tau V8 exclusive in the Genesis
line up only to the RSpec.
As with all Hyundai's each fluid reservoir
is clear so that the fluid can easily be checked.
Oh don't put your hand in here or you will
draw back a nub.
The interior of the 2013 Hyundai Genesis RSpec
with its plush leather seating surfaces and
rear heated seats help add to the comfort
of both the front and rear seat passengers.
The Genesis central command is the steering
wheel with its cruise control, radio controls,
smart cruise distance setting as well as buttons
allowing for display selection.
The Genesis RSpec comes equipped with push
button start.
Parking sensor control, lane departure warning,
Electronic Stability control auto hold and
auto parking brake all controlled to the left
side of the steering wheel esily withing the
drivers read.
The driver has control of the Lexicon audio
system close by in the center console and
up from that lies the a/c controls along with
the 8 inch navigation screen.
Along with the gear shift lies the heat controls
for the passenger and the heating and cooling
seat controls for the driver.
Behind the gear shift lies the navigation
controls.
The Genesis RSpec boasts an 8-inch screen
with turn-by-turn navigation, enhanced multimedia
control, and a driver's information system.
It also boasts an enhanced voice-recognition
system.
Within this system lies a 64 GB solid state
hard drive with zero moving parts.
Driver has 2 memory settings available.
A rear automatic sunshade is standard on the
2013 Hyundai Genesis RSpec.
Auto up and down windows on both the passenger
and drivers windows.
Also on the driver door is the mirror controls
and power door locks.
On the drivers side is 8 way power adjustable
seats with Lumbar.
4 way power adjustable seats are standard
on the passenger side of the RSpec.
This has been a 2013 Genesis RSpec Walk-around
by Keffer Hyundai Matthews, N.C. 9010 East
Independence Blvd or you can visit us at http://www.kefferhyundai.com
or on Facebook and Twitter.